clustering: enable refreshing the list of peers on an interval (#4608)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/cli/run.md

supports the default set of providers available in go-discover and registers
the `k8s` provider on top.

If either the key or the value in a tuple pair contains a space, a backslash or
double quotes, then it must be quoted with double quotes. Within this quoted
string, the backslash can be used to escape double quotes or the backslash
itself.

The `--cluster.rejoin-interval` flag defines how often each node should
rediscover peers based on the contents of the `--cluster.join-addresses` and

> `--cluster.discover-peers` flags and try to rejoin them.  This operation
> is useful for addressing split-brain issues if the initial bootstrap was not
> successful, as well as making clustering easier to manage in dynamic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--cluster.discover-peers` flags and try to rejoin them.  This operation
is useful for addressing split-brain issues if the initial bootstrap is
unsuccessful and for making clustering easier to manage in dynamic
```

supports the default set of providers available in go-discover and registers
the `k8s` provider on top.

> If either the key or the value in a tuple pair contains a space, a backslash or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If either the key or the value in a tuple pair contains a space, a backslash, or
```
